DOC: Add install instructions for pixi and uv (#29752)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/index.rst

            conda install -c conda-forge matplotlib

    .. tab-item:: pixi

        .. code-block:: bash

            pixi add matplotlib

    .. tab-item:: uv

        .. code-block:: bash

            uv add matplotlib

        .. warning::

           Python versions distributed by uv do not contain tk bindings that are
           usable by Matplotlib (see `this issue`_ for details). Therefore, the
           ``tkagg`` backend is not available. If you want matplotlib to be able
           to display plots in a window, you should install one of the other

>            :ref:`supported GUI frameworks <optional_dependencies>`, e.g.

Author: Why not e.g.? This is just one of the possible solutions.

            conda install -c conda-forge matplotlib

    .. tab-item:: pixi

        .. code-block:: bash

            pixi add matplotlib

    .. tab-item:: uv

        .. code-block:: bash

            uv add matplotlib

        .. warning::

>            The ``tkagg`` backend is not available because Python versions
>            distributed by uv do not contain tk bindings that are usable by
>            Matplotlib (see `this issue`_ for details). If you want Matplotlib
>            to be able to display plots in a window, you should install one of
>            the other :ref:`supported GUI frameworks <optional_dependencies>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           If you install Python with ``uv`` then the ``tkagg`` backend 
           will not be available because python-build-standalone (used by uv
           to distribute Python) does not contain tk bindings that are usable by
           Matplotlib (see `this issue`_ for details).  If you want Matplotlib
           to be able to display plots in a window, you should install one of
           the other :ref:`supported GUI frameworks <optional_dependencies>`,
```
